1. Create a plaintext document named “final_project_idea.txt”

2. In it, describe your idea for a data analysis final project

My idea is to explore data about dinosaur fossils in North America. I want to know more about how fossil measurements are correlated with species, and generate questions about variation within species.

 A very basic example would be to look at the kind of variation we find in femur and tibia length  in different North American Therapod Dinosaurs. 

3. Also, Describe the sort of data you will use, potential sources, and what the data might look like.

I was able to download a load of data from a public database online called "The Paleobiology Database" https://data.world/bryon/paleobiodb. However, even selecting fossils from the 230 to 65 million year range, there is a limited number of specimens recorded in the database:

Out of about 10,000 rows of fossil data I retrieved, only  897 were dinosaur fossils, and of these 897, 103 genera and 153 species, were represented. This means an average of about 9 measurements per genus, and some of these multiple measurements were made on the same individual specimans. 

Turns out this lack of specimens is normal in the field of paleontology, so I might have to be satisfied with a smaller sample, which will limit the questions I can ask, and the differences I can see. However, I am hoping I can obtain more paleontlogical data, than what I've found so far. I will try to get a hold of the biology professor you mentioned, Paul Bybee, to see if he can help. 

The data I have retreived so far contains around 100 columns such as:

Taxonomy: class: phylum,  family, genus, species.
Measurement
Specimen part and number
species diet
location found: Country, State, coordinates, etc.
age of fossil: 


(If you already have data, skip this task) Create fake data that simulates what your final project data set might look like. Preferrably a csv file

5. Generate a plot (using ggplot) using either your real or fake data that shows at least one expected result

	I created a plot of histogramss called 'leg_bone.png'